The_Process/SystemImplementation.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> System Implementation </h1>

## System Implementation


## Table of Contents

- [Software Development Process](#software-development-process)
   - [Software Development Lifecycle](#software-development-life-cycle)
   - [Agile](#agile)
- [Sprints](#sprints)
   - [Sprint 1: Webpage Design & Initial Feedback (01.03.21 - 07.03.21)](#sprint-1:-webpage-design--initial-feedback-010321---070321
   - Sprint 2:
   - Sprint 3:

## Software Development Process
A software development process can be seen as the application of divide and conquer whereby the development process is divided into smaller, parallel steps or subprocesses. Doing so helps improve the design and management of a project. Given that we, as university students, had other commitments and modules, we were aware that we would have to manage the project development in a flexible manner, and in a fixed amount of time. Unlike in the professional world, we could not get extensions. Due to these constraints, we first sought out a strategy to apply to our work approach. We knew little and often be beneficial, ensuring a smoother journey towards a minimal viable product. For that reason we set out to compare and contrast the industry standard software development life cycle methods in order to find our approach.

### Software Development Life Cycle
[ADD TO/REMOVE] Discuss SDLC framework/ideas etc. 

### Agile
[ADD TO] Discuss agile and benefits vs Waterfall and why we chose it.

## Sprints

Commit message:

Further sprint info added and formatting

The_Process/SystemImplementation.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> System Implementation </h1>

## System Implementation


## Table of Contents

- [Software Development Process](#software-development-process)
   - [Software Development Lifecycle](#software-development-life-cycle)
   - [Agile](#agile)
- [Sprints](#sprints)
   - [Sprint 1: Webpage Design & Initial Feedback (01.03.21 - 07.03.21)](#sprint-1--webpage-design--initial-feedback-010321--070321)
   - [No Sprints: Continue Working On Workbooks (08.03.21 - 21.03.21)](#no-sprints--continue-working-on-workbooks-080321--210321)
   - [Sprint 2: Market Research & Deploying Boilerplate (22.03.21 - 28.03.21)](#sprint-2--market-research--deploying-boilerplate-220321--280321)
   - [Sprint 3: Prepare Backend & Additional Wirefram (29.03.21 - 04.04.21)](#sprint-3--prepare-backend--additional-wireframe-290321--040421)
   - [Sprint 4: TBC]

## Software Development Process
A software development process can be seen as the application of divide and conquer whereby the development process is divided into smaller, parallel steps or subprocesses. Doing so helps improve the design and management of a project. Given that we, as university students, had other commitments and modules, we were aware that we would have to manage the project development in a flexible manner, and in a fixed amount of time. Unlike in the professional world, we could not get extensions. 

Due to these constraints, we first sought out a strategy to apply to our work approach. We knew little and often be beneficial, ensuring a smoother journey towards a minimal viable product. For that reason we set out to compare and contrast the industry standard software development life cycle methods in order to find our approach.

### Software Development Life Cycle
[ADD TO/REMOVE] Discuss SDLC framework/ideas etc. 

### Agile
[ADD TO] Discuss agile and benefits vs Waterfall and why we chose it.

## Sprints
### Sprint 1: Webpage Design & Initial Feedback (01.03.21 - 07.03.21) 
During this week we had a reading week and a break from new content on our modules. We used this as an opportunity to come together to have our first sprint. 

The goals of the first sprint were as follows:
- Come together and brainstorm an initial webpage design.
- Develop a paper prototype design of what we thought our Fake News quiz could look like (to read more about our design processes and ideation, please see the [System Design page](The_Process/SystemDesign.md)).
- Generate a SurveyMonkey feedback questionaire for our paper prototype (see here).
- Familiarise ourselves with GitHub and continuous integration best practises.
- Amalgamate some potential datasets.

Due to the early nature of this sprint, it was heavily focussed on coming up with an initial website design and converting this into a paper prototype so that we could present it to friends and family for early stage feedback. During the design session we brainstormed ideas about what we thought made a quiz engaging and interactive. Given todays day and age, the trend for website seems to be a quite refined, simplistic design, and we thought that the same would apply for a quiz. Having loud, in your face pages can be distracting and take away from the message/aim of the page. Further discussions centred around what other successful websites with quizzes had down and we spoke about what works well about these webpages (e.g. Gapminder). Using the takeaways from the design sessions, we were able to develop a paper prototype and relevant questions based off this paper prototype. We had all agreed early user feedback would be beneficial for creating a minimum viable product that works well and is aesthetically pleasing.

Allowing time in this sprint to play around with GitHub also proved beneficial to hit the ground running on the documentation of the project, especially as we had little-to-no experience with it prior to this course. And thinking about and pulling together some potential data sets we saw as a good idea in order to help with the technical side of things further down the line.

### No Sprints: Continue Working on Workbooks (08.03.21 - 21.03.21)
During this time we worked on other university commitments whilst continuing to follow along with the Software Engineering workbooks and lectures, all the while meeting up to take note of ideas, thoughts and design conceptualization

### Sprint 2: Market Research & Deploying Boilerplate (22.03.21 - 28.03.21)

### Sprint 3: Prepare Backend & Additional Wirefram (29.03.21 - 04.04.21)
