The_Process/SystemDesign.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> System Design </h1>

CONTENTS SUBJECT TO CHANGE

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Background & Motivation](#background--motivation)
   - [Current State of Industry](#current-state-of-industry)
   - [Why Does Fake News Education Matter](#why-does-fake-news-education-matter)
- [Product Requirements](#product-requirements)
   - [Idea Generation](#idea-generation)
   - [Stakeholders](#stakeholders)
      - [End User](#end-user)
      - [Admin](#admin)
- [Design Process & Early Prototyping](#design-process--early-prototyping)
   - [Design Methods](#design-methods)
   - [Paper Prototypes & Wireframes](#paper-prototypes--wireframes)
   - [User Feedback & Questionnaires](#user-feedback--questionnaires)
- [System Architecture & Design](#system-architecture--design)
   - [Class Diagram](#class-diagram)
   - [Sequence Flow Diagram](#sequence-flow-diagram)

## Introduction
[ADD TO]

## Background & Motivation
[ADD TO]

### Current State of Industry
[ADD TO]

### Why Does Fake News Education Matter
[ADD TO]

## Product Requirements

### Idea Generation
[ADD TO]

### Stakeholders
[ADD TO]

#### End User
[ADD TO]

#### Admin
[ADD TO]

## Design Process & Early Prototyping
[ADD TO]

### Design Methods
[ADD TO]

### Paper Prototypes & Wireframes
[ADD TO] Flow Diagrams?

### User Feedback & Questionnaires
[ADD TO]

## System Architecture & Design
[ADD TO]

### Class Diagram
[ADD TO]

### Sequence Flow Diagram
[ADD TO]

# Mark Scheme Relevant Topics:

## Background and Motivation
- Background literature. Academic research review.
- State of the art survey. Current industry review.
- Clear definition of the problem. How does your project relate to the above? We will be marking the ability of your team to identify a worthwhile and important problem and clearly articulate the scope and challenge of the problem.

## UX Design
- Design Process and Early prototyping and ideation (including mood boards and paper prototyping)
- Identification of interacting users and broader stakeholders.
- UX approach – design heuristics/approach, design methods (design fiction / heuristics)
- Understanding of user group (questionnaires / user stories / interviews)
- Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams for final key subsystems.

Design of the prototype started with a wire frame prototype on powerpoint that was designed collabaratively on Teams. After refactoring the design, we created a  Survey Monkey to send to 20 people. This informed our following design on.....

Commit message:

'Idea Generation' in System Design write-up

The_Process/SystemDesign.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> System Design </h1>

CONTENTS SUBJECT TO CHANGE

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Background & Motivation](#background--motivation)
   - [Current State of Industry](#current-state-of-industry)
   - [Why Does Fake News Education Matter](#why-does-fake-news-education-matter)
- [Product Requirements](#product-requirements)
   - [Idea Generation](#idea-generation)
   - [Stakeholders](#stakeholders)
      - [End User](#end-user)
      - [Admin](#admin)
- [Design Process & Early Prototyping](#design-process--early-prototyping)
   - [Design Methods](#design-methods)
   - [Paper Prototypes & Wireframes](#paper-prototypes--wireframes)
   - [User Feedback & Questionnaires](#user-feedback--questionnaires)
- [System Architecture & Design](#system-architecture--design)
   - [Class Diagram](#class-diagram)
   - [Sequence Flow Diagram](#sequence-flow-diagram)

## Introduction
[ADD TO]

## Background & Motivation
[ADD TO]

### Current State of Industry
[ADD TO]

### Why Does Fake News Education Matter
[ADD TO]

## Product Requirements

### Idea Generation
##### <u>Miro</u>

With no absolute process on how to begin our project, we decided to map out ideas as 'visually' as possible. Using **Miro**, a collborative whiteboard platform which we could unload our ideas into to begin with. To view our board, follow [this link](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lUwgzKw=/), or view the [pdf](./Documentation/DesignChoices/Woke-apedia.pdf) within this repo. As mentioned previously, the visualisation was key here, we ended up formulating a 'timeline' of sorts - the long, vertical strip of post-its beginning from the top. The timeline demonstrated a rough idea on the web-app's 'narrative'; the first thing the user will see and how they will manoever through the web app to get to certain sections. Obviously, going all out with all of our ideas, some more reasonable than others allowed us at _this_ moment in time to learn from how to plan things in a suitable manner. We can see from this old Miro board which ideas came through to the end and which were ignored/forgotten. 

There were elements that stuck throughout our time on the project, such as a punchy landing page that gives the user a full background and overview of the topic, giving precise statistics that the user can base our info on. In the same way, ideas such as storing user data didn't make it into the final product. We were planning on questioning the users on 'why they got the question wrong' - was it because they were misinformed? Or did they genuinely not know anything about the topic. As much as this would be interesting for us to observe; for the user on the other hand, we didn't think this would be as compelling to them. We have branded this web app to allow users to test themselves on how well *they* can spot fake news so we aimed for the focus to be on that rather than comparing with other users.

##### <u>Idea Matrix</u>

Prior to this, coming up with the initial idea for the web app was facilitated by various techniques. The most successful was creating a matrix of topics to merge; we were combining **Serious** [Topics] and **Play** so this method was very effective. It works by using the column headers for one characteristic and the row headers for the other (I.e serious topics on as rows and 'play' on the columns) and then combining each of the subjects together to create a **Serious Play** topic. Having 5 people in the group made this technique very robust and gave us just the right amount of choices to come up with our idea relatively quickly.

### Stakeholders
[ADD TO]

#### End User
[ADD TO]

#### Admin
[ADD TO]

## Design Process & Early Prototyping
[ADD TO]

### Design Methods
[ADD TO]

### Paper Prototypes & Wireframes
[ADD TO] Flow Diagrams?

### User Feedback & Questionnaires
[ADD TO]

## System Architecture & Design
[ADD TO]

### Class Diagram
[ADD TO]

### Sequence Flow Diagram
[ADD TO]

# Mark Scheme Relevant Topics:

## Background and Motivation
- Background literature. Academic research review.
- State of the art survey. Current industry review.
- Clear definition of the problem. How does your project relate to the above? We will be marking the ability of your team to identify a worthwhile and important problem and clearly articulate the scope and challenge of the problem.

## UX Design
- Design Process and Early prototyping and ideation (including mood boards and paper prototyping)
- Identification of interacting users and broader stakeholders.
- UX approach – design heuristics/approach, design methods (design fiction / heuristics)
- Understanding of user group (questionnaires / user stories / interviews)
- Wireframes and interaction flow diagrams for final key subsystems.

Design of the prototype started with a wire frame prototype on powerpoint that was designed collabaratively on Teams. After refactoring the design, we created a  Survey Monkey to send to 20 people. This informed our following design on.....
