Documentation/Meeting_Log/Standups/README.md, before:

## Weekly Standup Meeting Log

### 15/03/2021

Dan:   1) Last week: Finding resources for this week 2) This week: Follow a MEAN stack SPA tutorial which should hopefully provide a template to work from in the future and give us an understanding of how the stack and SPA functions 3) Blockers: Java assignment

Nath:  1) Last week: full ER diagram for our DB schema 2) This week: Refer to DB notes and ER diagram, assert normalisation (BCNF min), get approval from third source. Start implementing example data. Increase awaress of RESTful APIs. 3) Blockers: Java

Vini: Same as Nath

Jack:  1) Last week: GANT (sort out/ create new/ merge to Github) 2) This week: Three-way progamming with Harry & Dan on Wednesday morning for quiz framework 3) Blockers: java project documentation research

Harry: 1) Last week: Github repo structure and formatting work, uploaded angular chart.js dashboard 2) This week: Market research, pair programming for quiz framework 3) Blockers: Java assignment

### 22/03/2021

Dan:   1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ JP and HS, Github formatting 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Nath:  1) Last week: Worked on the DB Schema and structure w/ VG 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Vini:  1) Last week: Worked on the DB Schema and structure w/ NT 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Jack:  1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ DD and HS, uploaded Gantt chart 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Harry: 1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ JP and DD, market research 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup



29/03/2021

---

Generally, the team focused on the Java assignment due in for this week, hence there was little to discuss concerning personal progress since the last meeting.

We booked a meeting on Wednesday, and have all agreed on some common goals to achieve before then.

* write up some more market research 
* catch up on all lectures missed 
* update the angular dashboard on git page 

On wednesday, want to discuss 

- meeting prep before technical meeting w/ Allison and Marceli - list of Qs we want to ask them 
- Formulate sprints for the week and integrate into gantt chart 
- discuss what next round of user feedback will look like (marcelapp.com??)

Commit message:

linking front and back end

Documentation/Meeting_Log/Standups/README.md, after:

## Weekly Standup Meeting Log

### 15/03/2021

Dan:   1) Last week: Finding resources for this week 2) This week: Follow a MEAN stack SPA tutorial which should hopefully provide a template to work from in the future and give us an understanding of how the stack and SPA functions 3) Blockers: Java assignment

Nath:  1) Last week: full ER diagram for our DB schema 2) This week: Refer to DB notes and ER diagram, assert normalisation (BCNF min), get approval from third source. Start implementing example data. Increase awaress of RESTful APIs. 3) Blockers: Java

Vini: Same as Nath

Jack:  1) Last week: GANT (sort out/ create new/ merge to Github) 2) This week: Three-way progamming with Harry & Dan on Wednesday morning for quiz framework 3) Blockers: java project documentation research

Harry: 1) Last week: Github repo structure and formatting work, uploaded angular chart.js dashboard 2) This week: Market research, pair programming for quiz framework 3) Blockers: Java assignment

### 22/03/2021

Dan:   1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ JP and HS, Github formatting 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Nath:  1) Last week: Worked on the DB Schema and structure w/ VG 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Vini:  1) Last week: Worked on the DB Schema and structure w/ NT 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Jack:  1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ DD and HS, uploaded Gantt chart 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup

Harry: 1) Last week: Pair programming on the quiz framework w/ JP and DD, market research 2) This week:  3) Blockers: Java deadline - meet on friday for proper catchup



# 29/03/2021

---

Generally, the team focused on the Java assignment due in for this week, hence there was little to discuss concerning personal progress since the last meeting.

We booked a meeting on Wednesday, and have all agreed on some common goals to achieve before then.

* write up some more market research 
* catch up on all lectures missed 
* update the angular dashboard on git page 

On wednesday, want to discuss 

- meeting prep before technical meeting w/ Allison and Marceli - list of Qs we want to ask them 
- Formulate sprints for the week and integrate into gantt chart 
- discuss what next round of user feedback will look like (marcelapp.com??)

# 05/04/2021


Dan:  Last week: Worked on wireframe on Marvel for next round of user feedback. Next week: reverse engineer front 
end to link up with back end on data. Blockers: Difficulty of task/ lack of JS knowledge. 

Nath: Last week: constructed a script that imports data into dockerised mongodb, using collection and reflecting our data model.
 Next week: finalising data model and dataset, start working with front end on how to integrate api requests. Blockers: Difficulty of task.

Vini: Last week: constructed a script that imports data into dockerised mongodb, using collection and reflecting our data model. 
 Next week: finalising data model and dataset, start working with front end on how to integrate api requests. Bloclers: Difficulty of task.

Jack: Last week: updated Gant chart and worked on wireframe on Marvel for next round of user feedback. Next week: reverse engineer front 
end to link up with back end on data. Mood board for front end and ethical framework. Blockers: difficulty of task/ lack of JS knowledge.

Harry: Last week: Worked on wireframe on Marvel for next round of user feedback & updated github structure to more closely match mark 
scheme requirements. Further formatting (T.O.C, links etc.) of System implemenation and added Sprint info. Next week: reverse engineer front 
end to link up with back end on data. Blockers: Difficulty of task/ lack of JS knowledge.
