Meeting 25.02.2021

- Aim of meeting to design our first paper prototype.
- Collaborated together to design prototype on powerpoint through Teams.
- Put together 5 slides including: Home Page, Questions Page, Fake News Article Page, Answer Page, Data Visualization Page.
- Discussed data sets that we could use, plans for ditributing prototype to potential users for feedback and our next meeting.



Meeting 02.02.2021

- Did some Git branch practice - making sure everyone is up to date with git knowledge
- Changed and finished first Paper prototype on powerpoint - all updates noted in Notes section of each slide
- Created a list of questions for users to give feedback on the first paper prototype
- Booked next meeting - started to think about delegating tasks -> doing more research on parts of the stack
  before next meeting to help with deciding individual tasks. Also going to try and get user feedback before next meeting.

Meeting 10.03.2021

Agenda:
- Discuss our progress made on the week 6 API development workbook;
- Review Survey Monkey responses to our Paper Prototype we sent out last week and note down any changes to be made; 
- Discuss role distribution (i.e. front vs backend assignment);
- Review previous project examples from GitHub.

Log:
Survey Monkey Summary:
- Name is OK
- Navigation seems OK
- Substantial negative feedback about the colour scheme 
- Appealed as interesting to users 
- Not a lot of users would suggest to a friend â€“ add a social element, link to friend / social media account? 
Actions:
- Update colour scheme, add new page for just Fake News info/education
- New meeting for 12/03/2021 for final discussion on role distribution
- Achieve by easter state agreed - Aim to have landing page on webpage done and maybe some DB integration
